https://codepen.io/Connie14/pen/WNvzWpa?editors=1000
1. What is Semantic HTML?  semantics is concerned with the meaning of the tags and attributes that you use to build your web pages. In other words, semantic HTML is HTML that contains meaning in and of itself, beyond any content that it might be marking up
    2. What is HTML used for? Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser. It can be assisted by technologies such as Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) and scripting languages such as JavaScript
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attribute selectors allow you to target an element based upon its ' attribute '. 0 The case of the attribute name is used to signify who defined the meaning of that name and its values.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The HTML tag is usually used for the title of a page or post and it is the first header visible on a page. The formatting of an h1 usually differs from the rest of the header tags found on a page (h2, h3, h4). It should only be used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes? <header> <a href>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The head of the html document is where ancilliary information goes. This is information relating to the document but not directly part of the document. There are many items which can go here but the template above includes the basic items which every page should have
    7. What is an id? According to the W3C, the ID attribute in HTML is a unique identifier for the element. It provides a way to identify an area of a web page for CSS styles, anchor links, and targets for scripts.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? head, paragraph, a href, footer, body
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Multiple times per page
    10. What is a class? Class in HTML is used to refer CSS (Cascading style sheet), to which we apply some style or property in CSS file. You can define a class that comprises of either a single or more than one (multiple) HTML elements that should have a particular style for property in common.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? header footer
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? e will be able to make that link open in a new tab. Put together, your code should look something like this: < a href=”TargetLink.html” target=”_blank” >Text That Will Appear</a > Now your website has links that open in new tabs!


    14. What is the alt attribute used for? The alt attribute is the HTML attribute used in HTML and XHTML documents to specify alternative text (alt text) that is to be rendered when the element to which it is applied cannot be rendered. The alt attribute is used by "screen reader" software so that a person who is listening to the content of a webpage (for instance, a person who is blind) can interact with this element
    15. How do I reference an id? (a or #)
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? This is a hard concept to understand, but the only difference between the DIV element and the SECTION element is semantics. In other words, it's the meaning of the section of code you're dividing up. Any content that is contained inside a DIV element does not have any inherent meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS code (or Style Sheets) can be external, internal, or inline. External style sheets are saved as .css files and can be used to determine the appearance of an entire website through one file (rather than adding individual instances of CSS code to every HTML element you want to adjust).
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page? The article h2 selector is a descendant selector, only selecting h2 elements that fall inside of an article element. Notice, no matter where a h2 element lives, so long as it is within the article element, it will always be selected. Additionally, any h2 element outside of the article element is not selected
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one? he difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one. You can also apply a selector to a specific HTML element by simply stating the HTML selector first, so p.jam { /* whatever */ } will only be applied to paragraph elements that have the class “jam”
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? Write a period (.) to selece classes
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? Remove the div inside the p tag: Then if you want to select all the a tags inside a p tag which you gave a class. You can do the following: May be you aren't able to target anchor tag(s) due to that div.
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? Siblings (brothers or sisters) are nodes with the same parent; CSS uses this structure to make specific selectors like first-child, :nth-child(n), :last-child... You can see all CSS selectors here. The value inherit of a CSS attribute applied to an HTML node, simply takes the parent value of the attribute
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class. You can also specify that only specific HTML elements should be affected by a class. To do this, start with the element name, then write the period (.) character, followed by the name of the class
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A CSS pseudo-element is a keyword added to a selector that lets you style a specific part of the selected element (s). For example, ::first-line can be used to change the font of the first line of a paragraph. Note: In contrast to pseudo-elements, pseudo-classes can be used to style an element based on its state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? The CSS code will create greater space. This will produce the following list: Take Out the Garbage; Wash the Dishes; Wash the Car; Do the Laundry; If you want to increase the spacing even more, we just insert a greater value into the line-height attribute. The greater the value added, the more spacing is given in between list items.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? deally you'd be able to use lettering.js, or any JavaScript which would split your letters into distinct span elements that you could then combine with .number span:nth-child(2n) to add your desired spacing.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? The text-transform property in CSS controls text case and capitalization. .lowercase { text-transform: lowercase; } Text-Transform Values. lowercase makes all of the letters in the selected text lowercase. uppercase makes all of the letters in the selected text uppercase. capitalize capitalizes the first letter of each word in the selected text.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border { 1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? use the universal tag *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? use the git dir
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm dir
    34. Why should I use version control? Version control is a system that records changes to a file or set of files over time so that you can recall specific versions later. For the examples in this book, you will use software source code as the files being version controlled, though in reality you can do this with nearly any type of file on a computer.
    35. How often should I commit to github? You should commit often
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. First you would fork your project. Then you will add your collaborator, then clone the document into your git bash terminal. Once you clone you will change directory to your document of your choice, branch the file to your first, last name. Then using your first last name txt. copy and work your project. Then add, commit, and push your work in git bash. Then submit a pull request, click on branch: master; select your name; click New Pull Request;When you get to the PR page, make sure to click the dropdown button that says base repository and CHANGE it to be your FORKED REPO instead of the original Lambda repo (when submitting PR it will default to the original Repo this is why it needs to be changed; Add your TL to the Reviewers and then submit the pull request. DO NOT MERGE YOUR OWN PULL REQUEST

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? The difference between block and inline elements is that the block elements take up the full width available while the inline elements take the required width to display the contents of the elements.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? Absolute positioning allows you to place your element precisely where you want it. Absolute positioning is done relative to the first relatively (or absolutely) positioned parent element. In the case when there is no positioned parent element, the element that has position set to absolute will be positioned related directly to the HTML element ...
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? flex-grow
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default? button, input, select, and textarea
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? In a box model you take a square or a box on a screen and take a set number to make all elements equal a certain point for exameple, 400px by 500px will have a set amount of content, padding, border, and margin. When you hit that mark you have to start refiguring your totals to make the math add up.